aws-traffic-mirroring/README.md, before:

Setup for Seekret Deployment with Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring.

**Table of Contents**
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
3. [Deployment](#deployment)
   1. [Sample Service](#sample-service)
   2. [Target Instance](#target-instance)
   3. [VPC Mirroring](#vpc-mirroring)
4. [Analyzing and Capturing Mirrored Traffic](#analyzing-and-capturing-mirrored-traffic)
5. [Additional Features](#additional-features)
   1. [HTTPS Listener for Sample Service
](#https-listener-for-sample-service)
   2. [Mirror Filters for Application Load Balancers
](#mirror-filters-for-application-load-balancers)
6. [Cleanup](#cleanup)
7. [Sources, References & Additional Material](#sources-references-&-additional-material)

## Introduction

This repository contains a setup for Seekret's sniffer deployed along Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring.

Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring allows you to mirror network traffic from an Elastic Network Interface (ENI) to another ENI (or a Network Load Balancer). See [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/mirroring/what-is-traffic-mirroring.html) for additional information.

**Note**: Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring supports ENIs of instances running on top of the AWS Nitro System (e.g. t3, m5, c5 and r5 instances). You cannot mirror traffic from an ENI that is attached to a non-Nitro instance.

The repository contains the following components (or CloudFormation stacks):

* `vpc-mirroring-target-instance` - EC2 instance with Seekret's sniffer.
* `vpc-mirroring` - Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring configuration.

## Prerequisites

The setup in this repository has the following requirements:

* AWS CLI with admin-level credentials (needs to be able to deploy IAM roles).

Also, the `Makefile` is optimized for deployments made on `us-east-1` region (but should work with other regions as well).

## Deployment

![Deployment diagram](https://github.com/seek-ret/installation/blob/befed5aaeda487597ff09c78ff935f2ffae8562b/aws-traffic-mirroring/aws_mirroring.jpg)

### Seekret Sniffer

The target instance (EC2) that contains seekret sniffer running inside a docker.

You'll need to provide parameter values for the next parameters

_Required Parameters:_

```
CustomerVpcId - VPC Id where your ALB resides
SourceVpcIpv4Cidr - VPC IPv4 CIDR
CustomerSubnetId - Subnet of the availability zone of the ALB
BucketName - Name of the S3 bucket
BucketAccessKey - Access key for the bucket
BucketSecretKey - Secret key for the bucket
```

_Optional Parameters:_

```
BucketProvider - (s3 / gcs / azure)
RotationSeconds - Number of seconds between file rotations 
MaxFileSize - Maximum pcap file size in MBs
SnifferVersion - Seekret Sniffer container version 
```

If you use a different profile than `default` or a different region than `us-east-1` modify the next line accordingly

```bash
aws --profile default --region us-east-1 cloudformation deploy --stack-name seekret-sniffer \ 
--tags Deployment=seekret-target-sniffer --template-file templates/vpc-mirroring-target-instance.yaml --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM \ 
--parameter-overrides CustomerVpcId=<VPC_ID> SourceVpcIpv4Cidr=<VPC_Cidr> CustomerSubnetId=<Subnet_ID>
```

Once complete, you can use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager (SSM) to access the EC2 instance that receives the mirrored network traffic.

### VPC Mirroring

You'll need to provide parameter values for the next parameters

```
SourceEniList - The list (comma delimited) of Customer's Application ENIs IDs to mirror.
TargetEni - ID of the ENI of the target instance (Seekret sniffer)
SourceVpcIpv4Cidr - VPC IPv4 CIDR
```

If you mirror more than one source ENI (2 elements in `SourceEniList`), uncomment MirrorSession2 in `vpc-mirroring.yaml`

If you add more than 2 sources, you will need to copy-paste the entire block and change some parameters (see the inline comments within the  `MirrorSession` resource in `vpc-mirroring.yaml` file)

```
#  MirrorSession2:
#    Type: AWS::EC2::TrafficMirrorSession
#    Properties:
#      Description: Mirror traffic from !Select [1, !Ref SourceEniList ] to ${TargetEni}
#      NetworkInterfaceId: !Select [1, !Ref SourceEniList ]
#      SessionNumber: 2
#      Tags:
#        - { Key: Name, Value: !Sub '${AWS::StackName}-session' }
#      TrafficMirrorFilterId: !Ref MirrorAlbTargetTraffic
#      TrafficMirrorTargetId: !Ref MirrorTarget
#      VirtualNetworkId: 12346
```

If you use a different profile than `default` or a different region than `us-east-1` modify the next line accordingly

```bash
aws --profile default --region us-east-1 cloudformation deploy --stack-name seekret-vpc-mirroring \ 
--tags Deployment=seekret-vpc-traffic-mirroring --template-file templates/vpc-mirroring.yaml --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM \ 
--parameter-overrides SourceEniList=<Source_Eni_ID1, Source_Eni_ID2, Source_Eni_ID3...> TargetEni=<Target_Eni_ID> SourceVpcIpv4Cidr=<VPC_Cidr>
```

## Additional Features

### Mirror Filters for Application Load Balancers

Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring can mirror traffic from ENIs of some Application Load Balancers (ALB). Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring only supports instances that are built on the AWS Nitro System. You can mirror the traffic of an ALB if it uses a supported instance. ALBs are more likely to support mirroring on newer regions (like `eu-north-1`) that do not have non-Nitro based previous generation instances available. If the ALB is not using a supported instance, you cannot mirror its traffic.

For supported ALBs, the VPC Mirroring template includes two mirror filters to mirror a portion of the ALB network traffic:

* `MirrorAlbClientTraffic` - Mirrors all ingress and egress traffic between clients and the ALB. Traffic between the ALB and targets is not mirrored.
* `MirrorAlbTargetTraffic` - Mirrors all ingress and egress traffic between the ALB and its targets. Traffic between clients and the ALB is not mirrored.

**Note**: The filters work best with `internet-facing` ALBs. They do not capture traffic for `internal` ALBs correctly if the clients and the targets are in the same VPC. If you wish to use the filters for this scenario, you'll need to make the `DestinationCidrBlock` and `SourceCidrBlock` that refer the VPC CIDR to be more specific (i.e. to only match clients or targets in different subnets).

## Cleanup

Execute the following commands to clean up AWS resources:

```bash
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name seekret-vpc-mirroring
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name seekret-sniffer
```

## Sources, References & Additional Material

* [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/mirroring/what-is-traffic-mirroring.html), AWS

Commit message:

Aws mirroring readme (#49)
* - removed makefile

- added potential pitfalls section

* - renamed vpc-mirroring-target-instance.yaml to seekret-sniffer.yaml

aws-traffic-mirroring/README.md, after:

Setup for Seekret Deployment with Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring.

**Table of Contents**
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
3. [Deployment](#deployment)
   1. [Sample Service](#sample-service)
   2. [Target Instance](#target-instance)
   3. [VPC Mirroring](#vpc-mirroring)
4. [Analyzing and Capturing Mirrored Traffic](#analyzing-and-capturing-mirrored-traffic)
5. [Additional Features](#additional-features)
   1. [HTTPS Listener for Sample Service
](#https-listener-for-sample-service)
   2. [Mirror Filters for Application Load Balancers
](#mirror-filters-for-application-load-balancers)
6. [Cleanup](#cleanup)
7. [Sources, References & Additional Material](#sources-references-&-additional-material)

## Introduction

This repository contains a setup for Seekret's sniffer deployed along Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring.

Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring allows you to mirror network traffic from an Elastic Network Interface (ENI) to another ENI (or a Network Load Balancer). See [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/mirroring/what-is-traffic-mirroring.html) for additional information.

**Note**: Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring supports ENIs of instances running on top of the AWS Nitro System (e.g. t3, m5, c5 and r5 instances). You cannot mirror traffic from an ENI that is attached to a non-Nitro instance.

The repository contains the following components (or CloudFormation stacks):

* `seekret-sniffer` - EC2 instance with Seekret's sniffer.
* `vpc-mirroring` - Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring configuration.

## Prerequisites

The setup in this repository has the following requirements:

* AWS CLI with admin-level credentials (needs to be able to deploy IAM roles).

## Deployment

![Deployment diagram](https://github.com/seek-ret/installation/blob/befed5aaeda487597ff09c78ff935f2ffae8562b/aws-traffic-mirroring/aws_mirroring.jpg)

### Seekret Sniffer

The target instance (EC2) that contains Seekret sniffer running inside a docker.

You'll need to provide parameter values for the next parameters 

(Change directly in `seekret-sniffer.yaml` or via `--parameter-overrides` in cmd line)

_Required Parameters:_

```
CustomerVpcId - VPC Id where your ALB resides
SourceVpcIpv4Cidr - VPC IPv4 CIDR
CustomerSubnetId - Subnet of the availability zone of the ALB
BucketName - Name of the S3 bucket
BucketAccessKey - Access key for the bucket
BucketSecretKey - Secret key for the bucket
```

_Optional Parameters:_

```
BucketProvider - (s3 / gcs / azure)
RotationSeconds - Number of seconds between file rotations 
MaxFileSize - Maximum pcap file size in MBs
SnifferVersion - Seekret Sniffer container version 
```

If you use a different profile than `default` or a different region than `us-east-1` modify the next line accordingly

```bash
aws --profile default --region us-east-1 cloudformation deploy --stack-name seekret-sniffer \ 
--tags Deployment=seekret-target-sniffer --template-file templates/seekret-sniffer.yaml --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM \ 
--parameter-overrides CustomerVpcId=<VPC_ID> SourceVpcIpv4Cidr=<VPC_Cidr> CustomerSubnetId=<Subnet_ID>
```

Once complete, you can use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager (SSM) to access the EC2 instance that receives the mirrored network traffic.

### VPC Mirroring

You'll need to provide parameter values for the next parameters

```
SourceEniList - The list (comma delimited) of Customer's Application ENIs IDs to mirror.
TargetEni - ID of the ENI of the target instance (Seekret sniffer)
SourceVpcIpv4Cidr - VPC IPv4 CIDR
```

If you mirror more than one source ENI (2 elements in `SourceEniList`), uncomment MirrorSession2 in `vpc-mirroring.yaml`

If you add more than 2 sources, you will need to copy-paste the entire block and change some parameters (see the inline comments within the  `MirrorSession` resource in `vpc-mirroring.yaml` file)

```
#  MirrorSession2:
#    Type: AWS::EC2::TrafficMirrorSession
#    Properties:
#      Description: Mirror traffic from !Select [1, !Ref SourceEniList ] to ${TargetEni}
#      NetworkInterfaceId: !Select [1, !Ref SourceEniList ]
#      SessionNumber: 2
#      Tags:
#        - { Key: Name, Value: !Sub '${AWS::StackName}-session' }
#      TrafficMirrorFilterId: !Ref MirrorAlbTargetTraffic
#      TrafficMirrorTargetId: !Ref MirrorTarget
#      VirtualNetworkId: 12346
```

If you use a different profile than `default` or a different region than `us-east-1` modify the next line accordingly

```bash
aws --profile default --region us-east-1 cloudformation deploy --stack-name seekret-vpc-mirroring \ 
--tags Deployment=seekret-vpc-traffic-mirroring --template-file templates/vpc-mirroring.yaml --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM \ 
--parameter-overrides SourceEniList=<Source_Eni_ID1, Source_Eni_ID2, Source_Eni_ID3...> TargetEni=<Target_Eni_ID> SourceVpcIpv4Cidr=<VPC_Cidr>
```

## Additional Features

### Mirror Filters for Application Load Balancers

Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring can mirror traffic from ENIs of some Application Load Balancers (ALB). Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring only supports instances that are built on the AWS Nitro System. You can mirror the traffic of an ALB if it uses a supported instance. ALBs are more likely to support mirroring on newer regions (like `eu-north-1`) that do not have non-Nitro based previous generation instances available. If the ALB is not using a supported instance, you cannot mirror its traffic.

For supported ALBs, the VPC Mirroring template includes two mirror filters to mirror a portion of the ALB network traffic:

* `MirrorAlbClientTraffic` - Mirrors all ingress and egress traffic between clients and the ALB. Traffic between the ALB and targets is not mirrored.
* `MirrorAlbTargetTraffic` - Mirrors all ingress and egress traffic between the ALB and its targets. Traffic between clients and the ALB is not mirrored.

**Note**: The filters work best with `internet-facing` ALBs. They do not capture traffic for `internal` ALBs correctly if the clients and the targets are in the same VPC. If you wish to use the filters for this scenario, you'll need to make the `DestinationCidrBlock` and `SourceCidrBlock` that refer the VPC CIDR to be more specific (i.e. to only match clients or targets in different subnets).

## Cleanup

Execute the following commands to clean up AWS resources:

```bash
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name seekret-vpc-mirroring
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name seekret-sniffer
```

## Potential pitfalls

1. Make sure there aren't any existing stacks with the same name from previous deployment attempts (even those in `pending deleting` state)

2. Seekret Sniffer ENI is dynamically created during the `seekret-sniffer.yaml` deployment, hence the ENI id will changed after each deployment.
   Make sure you pass the right ENI id as TargetEni. when deploying the `vpc-mirroring.yaml`
   
   (Otherwise you will get: `"ResourceStatusReason": "The interface ID 'eni-xxxxxxxxxxxxx' does not exist (Service: AmazonEC2; Status Code: 400; Error Code: InvalidTrafficMirrorTarget`)

3. If the ALB runs on the unsupported hardware, you will receive:
   `"ResourceStatusReason": "eni-0cb3e696ef2152e0f must be attached to a supported instance (Service: AmazonEC2; Status Code: 400; Error Code: NetworkInterfaceNotSupported;`

   In that case contact AWS via your support tier and ask them to upgrade your ALB to a nitro hardware to support traffic mirroring
   
   _Note:_ If the source machine isn't ALB, you can change the machine type by yourself.

## Sources, References & Additional Material

* [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/mirroring/what-is-traffic-mirroring.html), AWS
